Packaging
=========

``hamsterlib`` follows the `semantic versioning <http://semver.org>`_ scheme.
Each release is packaged and uploaded to `pypi
<https://pypi.python.org/pypi/hamsterlib>`_.  We provide a compliant
``setup.py`` which contains all the meta information relevant to users of
``hamsterlib``. If you stumble upon any incompatibilities or dependency issue
please let us know.  If you are interested in packaging ``hamsterlib`` for your
preferred distribution or in some other context we would love to hear from you!


About requirements/\*.txt
-------------------------
We do fully follow Donald Stuffts `argument
<http://caremad.io/2013/07/setup-vs-requirement/>`_ that information given
``setup.py`` is of fundamentally different nature than what may be located
under ``requirements.txt`` (Additional comments can be found in the `packaging
guide
<http://python-packaging-user-guide.readthedocs.io/discussions/install-requires-vs-requirements/>`_
and with `Hynek Schlawack
<https://hynek.me/articles/sharing-your-labor-of-love-pypi-quick-and-dirty/>`_).
As far as packaging goes ``setup.py`` is authoritative. We provide a set of
specific environments under ``requirements/*`` that mainly developers and 3rd
parties may find useful. This way we can easily enable contributers to get a
suitable ``virtualenv`` running or specify our test environment in one central
location.  If for example you wanted to package ``hamsterlib`` for
``debian-stable``, it would be mighty convenient to just provide another
requirements.txt with all the relevant dependencies pinned to what your target
distro would provide. Now you can run the entire test suite against a reliable
representation of said target system.
